Qute fragments - unify API and simplify UX (#28793)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/qute-reference.adoc

<p>This document contains a detailed info about a user.</p>

{#include item$item_aliases aliases=user.aliases /} <1><2>
----
<1> A template identifier that contains a dollar sign `$` denotes a fragment. The `item$item_aliases` value is translated as: _Use the fragment `item_aliases` from the template `item`._
<2> The `aliases` parameter is used to pass the relevant data. We need to make sure that the data are set correctly. In this particular case the fragment will use the expression `user.aliases` as the value of `aliases` in the `{#for alias in aliases}` section.

TIP: If you want to reference a fragment from the same template you can skip the part before `$`, i.e. something like `{#include $item_aliases /}`.

> NOTE: You can specify `{#include _ignoreFragments=true /}` in order to disable this feature, i.e. a dollar sign `$` in the template identifier does not result in a fragment lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can specify `{#include item$item_aliases _ignoreFragments=true /}` in order to disable this feature, i.e. a dollar sign `$` in the template identifier will not result in a fragment lookup.
```

Because otherwise it's confusing that we're not including any template :)

}
----

> NOTE: You can specify `@CheckedTemplate#ignoreFragments=true` in order to disable this feature, i.e. a dollar sign `$` in the method name does not result in a checked fragment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can specify `@CheckedTemplate#ignoreFragments=true` in order to disable this feature, i.e. a dollar sign `$` in the method name will not result in a checked fragment method.
```
